Add GAMMA support to Cilium Operator (#32744)
cilium/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/gateway-api/gamma.rst

namespace and have the same owner as the owner of the Service whose traffic is
being managed. So, for an application ``foo``, in the namespace ``foo``, with a
Service called ``foo-svc``, the owner of ``foo`` would create a HTTPRoute in the ``foo``
namespace that lists ``foo-svc`` as its parent. The routing then affects all traffic
coming to the ``foo`` service from the whole cluster, and is controlled by the
"producer" of the ``foo`` service - its owner.

"Consumer" routes are HTTPRoutes that bind to a Service that lives in a different
namespace than that Service. These Routes are called "consumer" Routes because
they are owned by the _consumer_ of the Service they bind to. For the ``foo`` Service
above, a Route in the ``bar`` namespace, to be used by the app in that namespace,
that binds to the ``foo-svc`` Service in the ``foo`` namespace is a _consumer_ Service
because it changes the routing for the ``bar`` service, which _consumes_ the ``foo``
Service.

Cilium currently supports only "Producer" Routes, and so HTTPRoutes must be
in the same namespace as the Service that they are binding to.

Cilium Gateway API Support
##########################

> Cilium supports GAMMA v1.0.0 for below resources, passes the Core conformance
> tests, and passes two out of three Extended Mesh tests. Note that GAMMA is itself
> experimental as at Gateway API v1.0.0.
> 
> Cilium currently does not support "consumer" HTTPRoutes, and so does not
> support the ``MeshConsumerRoute`` feature of the Mesh conformance profile.
> 
> - `HTTPRoute <https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/httproute/>`_
> - `ReferenceGrant <https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/referencegrant/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cilium supports GAMMA v1.0.0 for the following resources:

- `HTTPRoute <https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/httproute/>`_
- `ReferenceGrant <https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/api-types/referencegrant/>`_

Cilium support is limited to passing the Core conformance
tests and two out of three Extended Mesh tests. Note that GAMMA is itself
experimental as at Gateway API v1.0.0.

Cilium currently does not support "consumer" HTTPRoutes, and so does not
support the ``MeshConsumerRoute`` feature of the Mesh conformance profile.
```
Small suggestion to move the list of resources up, so that it's clearer what is this list.
